hunger is in the name of the mini is immortalize you
are you are portals of hell and tightens
piece
today the master of cunning has rid of all
the evils of the present passed on the river
the lord of the faith cleanses my body
and bestowed abundant wealth upon our souls
today is my day what is the Lord's day
there is no other master if not me
Lucifer cast his blessing on this day and I
in big your name
the lord of vanity has caused all
my wishes were realized here and
there and there the evil lord
supported with his relentless hosts
now and for 6
today the master of cunning has freed me from
all the evils of the present and the past
of the people, the lord of the theories cleans my
body and got some
our soul
today is my day because it's the Lord's day
there is no other master if not me
Lucifer cast his blessing on this day and I
to magnify your name
Mr. vanity made all
my wishes were realized here and
there and there evil lord me
with your lettable orders now and
forever
today the master of cunning has rid of all
the evils of the present and the past
body
I did it the nia clean my body and
achieved abundant enjoyment of our soul
today is my day because it's the Lord's day
there is no other master if not me
Lucifer cast his blessing on this day and I
to magnify your name
Mr. vanity made all
my wishes were realized here and
there and there evil lord me
supported with his partner of the relentless
now and forever